Good morning, family. I am outside. We had high winds here in Oklahoma today.
I'm talking about strong, very unusual winds. This little guy, this little squirrel, was up in a tree and he got blown out.
I don't know where his mama went, but he's lying out here on the ground.
Unfortunately, his sister died in the fall. I just love nature and I couldn't stand to see him there just die.
I've never touched a squirrel before that was alive; only the ones that we ate.
Grandpa would always eat squirrel and cook it up in the frying pan as a boy and make squirrel stew.
But this is a little squirrel, and I love God's creatures. We found him some milk and stuff to try to keep him alive.
I told my daughter, 'If we can keep him alive and feed him like the lady on the YouTube channel who feeds all the nuts to the squirrels, I'll film him all the time for you all and put it on here.'I know our content might get boring; I try not to say the same thing over and over, but that's what's inside of me.
I told my son, 'I don't want to make boring content; I want it to be inspiring and to lift you up.'I just know that God is no respecter of persons, and what He did for us, He'll do for you.
We're a work in progress just like everybody else, but I know that people try to put us on a pedestal.
I'm just telling you, we're just like you; we're believing for everyday miracles and for the supernatural in our lives.
I wake up every day with an anticipation that God's going to show up and do something mighty in our lives.
I told you all I was driving around and the Lord told me great favor was coming on His bride, on His church—that we would see the greatest favor, the greatest impartation of favor on us.
As we walk into the grocery stores, we would walk in favor like you wouldn't believe.
I believe it's time now for exceedingly abundantly above all that we dare ask or think as we enter into the rest this year that God said He was going to do something mighty inside of us.
I was praying over Israel and what He said about when we walk into churches, that there would be great deliverances for people that are walking in bondage from all kinds of addictions, torments, depression, and anxiety.
He doesn't want anything missing out of your life; He wants you to be made whole.
It's not for us to live a busted and disgusted life, but to live a supernatural life.
Just like Peter, there's stages of glory. The Lord showed me it's like first starting out with a single-shot.22.
Then you go to your semi-automatic. Both are very lethal, but one has more capacity to do more.
Then you go to your fully automatic, then to the war guns and artillery. There's levels of warfare.
The Lord showed me that He starts everybody out with a single shot, and if you're faithful with little, He'll make you ruler over the semi-automatic.
Then He moves you up later in life whenever you're able to handle that amount of glory and power flowing through your life.
You start operating like Kathryn Kuhlman or Oral Roberts; that level where they operate in a fully automatic machine gun.
It's an easy way to picture it, but all of it's effective. You go from glory to glory.
I was thinking about how the glory was radiating so much out of Peter that when he walked by, his shadow healed people.
The glory was so strong on his life that it was coming out of him as far as the circumference of the shadow.
I said, 'God, what does it take to walk in that kind of anointing?'I believe that's what it's going to take in these last days.
Even greater works will we do than what they did. I believe the former and the latter rain are going to come on us in a greater measure than we've ever seen before.
Jesus Christ is the same yesterday, today, and forever. He's still healing the sick, still raising the dead, and still casting out devils. But do we believe it? Are we doing the Great Commission?
It's time for us to operate in the Great Commission—going into all the world, laying hands on the sick, casting out devils, and seeing blind eyes open.
I believe it's time for the supernatural. I'm tired of believing for tomorrow; I don't want to go to church and just get a normal message.
I want to have a radical visitation from the Lord. I'm expecting Jesus Christ Himself to come and the glory cloud to show up, or something tangible.
I'm hungry for the manifestations of God, not so that I can just fill myself up like what I get when I go to Billy Burke, but expecting that glory to cross-pollinate on me.
Whenever I lay hands on the sick, I see full manifestation too.
I want a tangible presence of the fire of the Lord to set the captives free.
I don't want to say this is a 'unicorn'experience; I want all of us to walk this way.
If there is any sick among you, let him call for the elders of the church.
The body of Christ shouldn't be walking in any kind of sickness or demonic oppression from drugs, alcohol, or addictions of any kind.
The Bible said He's coming for a church without spot or wrinkle, and I believe in the Tommy Hicks vision that the glorious church is rising up.
When Billy Burke talks about people falling under the power, there should be a manifested change in our lives.
I don't want to do church as usual; I want to do church unusual.
I want to be radical for Jesus. I get so tired of lukewarm church. Aren't you hungry for more?
Instead of always believing for your miracle, you should bring it and take it to the rest of the world.
I'm a believing believer that signs follow them that believe.
The Earth is groaning for the manifested sons and daughters to be the salt and the light.
I want to pay the price. Father, show me how to go from glory to glory.
We're taking back the land and making war against the devil.
Satan, you are not going to take any more land from us. We're giant slayers.
Do you believe God has called you for such a time as this? If He did it for John G.
Lake, Smith Wigglesworth, or AA Allen back in the tent revivals, He'll do it today. He said, 'I'm uncapping the wells of revival, Brandon.
A greater revival than what you've ever seen before is about to happen.'I'm passionate because when you see so many broken people, you know the only thing that's ever going to help them is a revelation of the knowledge of the Word.
I want that switch on all the time. I know the hotter that fire gets on the inside of you, the more it's going to change you.
I'm seeking it every day. I just want to eat it like a dog on a T-bone.
I'm not giving up until I'm radically changed from the inside out.
That's where Diana and I are at, and we refuse to stay where we were two years ago. I want to stir you up and let you know there's hope.
There's light at the end of the tunnel, and your circumstance is going to change today.
I laid hands on all those pictures all afternoon. Even my mother-in-law is here and she was praying for you.
We're believing believers who are fully persuaded that God's going to do something in your life today.
Father, we thank you. We call those things that be not as though they were.
We call people healed and whole in the name of Jesus. We release financial blessing and favor over their households.
We release increase and multiplication. Father, they have more than enough to give to the kingdom of God and promote the gospel.
We pray a hedge over President Trump today as he's headed home.
I thank you for a blessing and supernatural restoration on him to lead this nation into victory.
As the stock market crashes and people say 'the sky is falling'like Chicken Little, we know the best is yet to come. Help us to be in sync with you all the time.
Father, I thank you for what you showed me: the earthquakes, the tsunami, the crop drought, and a new kind of energy source.
I saw prophetic significance in the blood moon last night. I could feel a tangible presence of the Lord in the atmosphere.
We must pray over America for a 'Red Dawn.'We must pray for these secret cells of people, the moles and the rats within America.
I believe the baptism of the Holy Spirit is for every single one of you.
Acts chapter 2 is still going on today. If you want to learn more, get the book 'Why Tongues?'by Kenneth E.
Hagin. I'm going to pray in the spirit now, and I'm going to yield to the Holy Spirit.
Lord, show us that which is to come. As the watchman on the wall, He shows us things ahead of time.
Father, we yield to you. Give us eyes to see in the realm of the spirit and ears to hear what the Spirit is saying.
I see drought; I'm in Amarillo and all around Lubbock, we call the rain in Jesus'name.
I thank you for the rain, the former and the latter rain. I see another wave of glory, a fresh fire in the name of Jesus on the land.
All hidden things be revealed. I see it in the pulpits and in the churches. You will not put new wine in old wineskins.
I see the oil of the Holy Spirit softening the old wineskins, making them soft and pliable again.
It's time to rise up and be the voice. Don't parrot what you heard in the past; it's time to speak new words at last.
Jump in the river and flow. Get on a Holy Ghost inner tube and go down that river.
Drink big. There's rain coming to the Panhandle. I hear the sound of an abundance of rain throughout the land.
From coast to coast, there will be a mighty rushing wind and cloven tongues of fire.
It's time to get in your Holy Ghost inner tube. Out of your belly shall flow rivers of living water.
Stir yourself up by praying in the spirit. Shake off that victim mentality; you are a victor.
Get the old 'stinking thinking'and religious thinking out.
Come out of that box. New wine is bubbling up out of your spirit. It's a time of refreshing for the church.
We speak to the Canadian government and their Prime Minister; they need a touch.
Lord, we thank you that you're touching Elon Musk and touching Trump.
We speak to the financial outpouring. Satan, get your hands off of our money now in Jesus'name.
Release the children of God's money for the great wealth transfer. There is no dam holding back the money.
I heard them plotting in Russia; they don't want to be underneath the West's influence anymore.
I see the BRICS nations wanting to rise up. The Beast system is rising up in the days ahead.
Watch Easter; I'm believing that a new well of revival is going to start to spring up.
Just like Paul and Silas praying in the midnight hour, there was a great shaking in that jail cell.
The jail cell of your circumstances is coming open today. Those chains are falling off as you worship and praise.
The days of fun have just begun. We'll be back tomorrow and we'll pray again.
I've got to pray more in the spirit because that's what gets the job done.
Put a smile on your face and a song in your heart. Jesus loves you so much.
God bless you all and we'll see you again tomorrow. Bye-bye.